hello hey who's there
Thank You Xena
hey see you tomorrow
can I finally go sleep
hey messed up wait that isn't cinder you
have seven days
wake up spiral why I'm sleeping on a
floor because you passed out after that
tape I get coal and I have seven days me
too
what does that mean
spyro this is your fault I don't wanna
die wait on me this is your fault you
show me that tape can you forgive me
of course I forgive you
explain in this together
you know what
hang on senior I'm coming
and you'll be safe and well spiral and
you'll be safe and well spiral laughs
what well hey I know that place
you
well here's to well hello what do you
want from me I was teasing but why
because I really - this is really good
why me because I'm already dead I saved
myself but I lost cinder hello Krause
cinder no she'll be gone
and
absolutely
hitless loops around you yeah me not you
yeah
Oh